Okay.
Yeah...
Who's this? Mary?
Yeah.
Yeah, I didn't like that one.
I know.... (***)
I don't know with, what?
No, no, nothing.
Bride...
Ha... ha... ha...
I don't think I've ever seen a romance... like that...
and for international
Yeah, because when I do international movies I tend to watch dramas.
Yeah.
Yeah...
I like Jane Austen ones.
Yeah, like sense and sensibility.
Yeah...
And then movies...
But   (***)  okay...
Kate Winslet. Have you seen it? Oh, we need
That one's a good one. .. Yeah...
Watch...
Yeah...
Yeah...Well do you like them?
Bridget Jones
Bridjet Jones ... Wow I waatched the CD           It's a grass.
It's crass romantic comedy.
Ha, ha, ha...
Colin Firth, yeah.
I like it a lot more than Love Actually. I'm not a big fan of Love Actually.
Love Actually...
Yeah...
I just think like there's all these stories going on.
There's just so many stories that's going on.
And I think it's just like they didn't.
It didn't go into build.
any of their stories and then you just sat there like you couldn't really identify.
It felt like I was just watching like
A snippet of like a gossip column
Yeah, yeah.
And there's a couple like I didn't really care about their relationship.
you
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh...
Notting Hill...   That was cute. That was cute.
I like his very.... ha.. ha.. ha..
Ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...
It's like, ooh....
I was like, I don't know that.
The roommate, honestly, but I liked him.
Yeah...
Hmmmmmmm...
Yeah Roberts was in a lot of  (***)
But I don't like her as a woman  like feri women
It's nice. It's okay. It's okay, but...
I don't .. It doesn't really rank in my top 10.
Yeah...
(***)   But that's not a rom-com
It's a drama. Romantic.
Yeah...
Ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...
Yeah...It was before Top Gun, right? Yeah.
It was like Debra messing. She was still really...
Dvisining yeah.. hmmm
So, I don't know, but I don't.
Yeah, I don't know any recent ones though.
Ha, ha, ha...
Ha.. ha.. ha.. ha.. ha..   Yeah...